# Demo and Development Process 

* Time: 2017-03-24 9:30am
* Attendees: Alan, Bruce, Davis, Ying
* Topic: Demo and Development Process
* Minutes Prepared by: 

## 0. Agenda

1. Demo
2. Demo evaluation
3. How to improve
4. Dev process
5. Work plan
6. Logging level: info log bounary calls
7. Event Design

## 1. Demo
### Current functions
Feuatures:
Issues:

### Next steps: 

High Priority:
3rd Party login(2d): Google, Facebook
Cart (3d): cart merge , add, remove, update
Checkout (4d): input payment, shipping address, place order.
User info: user name, password, address, order (cancel, status, shipping status), payment

Low Priority:
Admin UI

## 2. Demo Evaluation

* The demo is 1 week behind schedule.  
* Some issues: api out of sync, product id not found, no fallback when picture is not found, no error handling for some functions. 
* Missing functions: Google and FB login

## 3. How to improve
When make change, seek consensus and change slowly.
Slow decision, fast move. 

Need a clear product specification.

Try your best to do a professional work. When something not sure, clarify it. If it worths, share it. 
Complete it: document, tests, meet all QA standards.  
Communicate often can clearly: team-owned code base. 
First time doing something, write it done and ask other to follow it. Naming, code organization, a doc format, a way to test. 

## 4. Dev Process
We discussed devlopment process and github workflow. 

## 5. Workplan
The near future [Work Plan](./2017_03_24_plan.md) is created as a team effort. 

## 6. Logging Levels
We choose to use logging also for the business operation. As a result, all cross-boundary API calls are logged at info level. 

## 7. Event Design
There is an independent event manager service that create event from a database event table and put it into an event bus. To make it scalable, the event manager write a status field and a timeout field


